document image-with-shadow class (#329)
carpentries/lesson-example: _episodes/04-formatting.md

    but clutters up the page
    and makes it harder for tools to tell which solutions belong to which exercises.

## Applying a Shadow to Images

By default, images in the lesson are displayed without borders or shadows.
In some circumstances, it may be desirable to make images stand out 
from the background of the page,
for example, when using screenshots that include text on white background.
You can add a drop shadow effect to images by applying the
`image-with-shadow` class to them:

~~~

> {% raw %}![image alt text](path/to/image/source.svg){: .image-with-shadow }
> {% endraw %}

Reviewer: The endraw on a newline creates a newline in the code, which looks kinda wonky. That was totally my fault, sorry

```suggestion
{% raw %}![image alt text](path/to/image/source.svg){: .image-with-shadow }{% endraw %}
```

    but clutters up the page
    and makes it harder for tools to tell which solutions belong to which exercises.

## Applying a Shadow to Images

> By default images are displayed in the lesson without a border or shadow.
> In some circumstances it may be desirable to add some styling to make
> the edges of an image stand out against the background of the page,
> e.g. if using screenshots that include text on white background.
> You can add a drop shadow around images by applying the
> `.image-with-shadow` class to the image:

Reviewer 2: A few commas + stand out _from_ instead of _against_.

```suggestion
By default, images in the lesson are displayed without borders or shadows.
In some circumstances, it may be desirable to make images stand out 
from the background of the page,
for example, when using screenshots that include text on white background.
You can add a drop shadow effect to images by applying the
`image-with-shadow` class to them:
```

~~~
{% raw %}![image alt text](path/to/image/source.svg){: .image-with-shadow }

> 
> or
> 
> ![image alt text](path/to/image/source.svg)
> {: .image-with-shadow }{% endraw %}

Reviewer: I would say it's better to guide our contributors to do one thing than to give them multiple paths that affect the document structure (even though we account for regressions in our CSS). 

```suggestion
{% endraw %}
```
